# BudgetLimit


## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**amount** | **str** |  | 
**budget_id** | **str** | The budget ID of the associated budget. | [readonly] 
**created_at** | **datetime** |  | [optional] [readonly] 
**currency_code** | **str** | Use either currency_id or currency_code. Defaults to the user&#39;s default currency. | [optional] 
**currency_decimal_places** | **int** |  | [optional] [readonly] 
**currency_id** | **str** | Use either currency_id or currency_code. Defaults to the user&#39;s default currency. | [optional] 
**currency_name** | **str** |  | [optional] [readonly] 
**currency_symbol** | **str** |  | [optional] [readonly] 
**end** | **datetime** | End date of the budget limit. | 
**native_amount** | **str** | The amount of this budget limit in the user&#39;s native currency, if the original amount is in a different currency. | [optional] [readonly] 
**native_currency_code** | **str** | The administration&#39;s native currency code. | [optional] [readonly] 
**native_currency_decimal_places** | **int** | The administration&#39;s native currency decimal places. | [optional] [readonly] 
**native_currency_id** | **str** | The administration&#39;s native currency ID. | [optional] [readonly] 
**native_currency_symbol** | **str** | The administration&#39;s native currency symbol. | [optional] [readonly] 
**notes** | **str** | Some notes for this specific budget limit. | [optional] 
**period** | **str** | Period of the budget limit. Only used when auto-generated by auto-budget. | [optional] [readonly] 
**spent** | **str** | Will be in the native currency if this is turned on by the user. | [optional] [readonly] 
**start** | **datetime** | Start date of the budget limit. | 
**updated_at** | **datetime** |  | [optional] [readonly] 

## Example

```python
from firefly_iii_client.models.budget_limit import BudgetLimit

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of BudgetLimit from a JSON string
budget_limit_instance = BudgetLimit.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(BudgetLimit.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
budget_limit_dict = budget_limit_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of BudgetLimit from a dict
budget_limit_from_dict = BudgetLimit.from_dict(budget_limit_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


